README.md, before:

# @code-collabo/community-blog
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-2-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

Do you love writing? Or does learning to write interest you? Submit a blog post to be featured on [Code Collabo's blog](https://code-collabo.hashnode.dev). The blog post(s) can be about anything in open source, it does not have to be related to or specific to the Code Collabo community.

## First steps: How to start contributing and important things to take note of
- You can first confirm that you should go ahead to write a blog post that you have in mind, by creating a new issue on the [issues page](https://github.com/code-collabo/submit-a-blog-post/issues). In the issue, indicate the title and a short/one-line description. [@Ifycode](https://github.com/Ifycode) will review and get back to you. Once it is confirmed that you can proceed, you can then go ahead to follow the instructions under the [formatting and submitting your blog post](https://github.com/code-collabo/submit-a-blog-post#formatting-and-submitting-your-blog-post) section.
- DO NOT copy and paste someone else's blog post from somewhere on the internet to present as your own work. Submit blog post written in your own words. If you do use someone else's words, design etc, please reference them in the blog post and include links to such works where necessary.
- Only add content that you know or are sure you can put out for free, in the blog post that you submit to this repo.

## Formatting and submitting your blog post

````
**Title: Your blog post title goes here**

Subtitle: Blog post subtitle goes here (subtitle is optional)

*Blog post by [Your full name here](link to your github profile here).*

The body/content of your blog post goes here
````

- There is no develop branch for this project at the moment. Create a new branch from the main branch.
- In the new branch, create a markdown file i.e. file with .md extension. The (full) title of the blog post you are submitting should be the name of the .md file you create (make sure to use hyphens in the file name instead of spaces). 
- Use the format in the box above to add your blog content to the .md file. Here's an example of how your blog post submission should look like in a .md file after using the format in the box above - [.md file example](https://github.com/code-collabo/submit-a-blog-post/blob/main/what-is-code-collabo-and-who-is-it-for.md).
- Submit a pull request and wait for review. Here's an example of what it will look like after it is accepted and published on hashnode - [hashnode blog post example](https://code-collabo.hashnode.dev/what-is-code-collabo-and-who-is-it-for).

## Contributors ✨

Thanks to these amazing contributors to the [Code Collabo blog](https://github.com/code-collabo/submit-a-blog-post) project. This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. See [emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key). Contributions of any kind welcome!

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/Ifycode"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/45185388?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Obiagba Mary Ifeoma</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#blog-Ifycode" title="Blogposts">📝</a> <a href="#content-Ifycode" title="Content">🖋</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://allcontributors.org"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/46410174?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>All Contributors</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#infra-all-contributors" title="Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)">🚇</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

Commit message:

Update sections and add improve blog post section

README.md, after:

# @code-collabo/community-blog
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-2-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

Do you love writing? Or does learning to write interest you? Submit a blog post to be featured on [Code Collabo's blog](https://code-collabo.hashnode.dev). The blog post(s) can be about anything in open source, it does not have to be related to or specific to the Code Collabo community. You can also help improve any of the already published blog posts.

## First steps: Important things to take note of

- DO NOT copy and paste someone else's blog post from somewhere on the internet to present as your own work. Submit blog post written in your own words. If you do use someone else's words, design etc, please reference them in the blog post and include links to such works where necessary.
- Only add content that you know or are sure you can put out for free, in the blog post that you submit to this repo.

## Formatting and submitting a new blog post

````
**Title: Your blog post title goes here**

Subtitle: Blog post subtitle goes here (subtitle is optional)

*Blog post by [Your full name here](link to your github profile here).*

The body/content of your blog post goes here
````
- You can first confirm that you should go ahead to write a blog post that you have in mind, by creating a new issue on the [issues page](https://github.com/code-collabo/submit-a-blog-post/issues). In the issue, indicate the title and a short/one-line description. [@Ifycode](https://github.com/Ifycode) will review and get back to you. Once it is confirmed that you can proceed, you can then go ahead to follow the instructions under the instructions below.
- There is no develop branch for this project at the moment. Create a new branch from the main branch of this repository.
- In the new branch, create a markdown file i.e. file with .md extension. The (full) title of the blog post you are submitting should be the name of the .md file you create (make sure to use hyphens in the file name instead of spaces). 
- Use the format in the box above to add your blog content to the .md file. Here's an example of how your blog post submission should look like in a .md file after using the format in the box above - [.md file example](https://github.com/code-collabo/submit-a-blog-post/blob/main/what-is-code-collabo-and-who-is-it-for.md).
- Submit a pull request and wait for review. Here's an example of what it will look like after it is accepted and published on hashnode - [hashnode blog post example](https://code-collabo.hashnode.dev/what-is-code-collabo-and-who-is-it-for).

## Improving a published blog post
- You can first confirm that you should go ahead to improve an already published blog post, by creating a new issue on the [issues page](https://github.com/code-collabo/submit-a-blog-post/issues). In the issue, share the link to the blog post you wish to improve, and the specific part(s) of the blog post that need improvement. [@Ifycode](https://github.com/Ifycode) will review and get back to you. Once it is confirmed that you can proceed, you can then go ahead to follow the instructions under the instructions below.
- Create a new branch from the main branch of this repository.
- Make the changes to the .md file that contains the blog post content you want to improve.
- Submit a pull request and wait for review. The edit history of every post will be added to the blog post to acknowledge your contribution(s) once it is accepted and merged.

## Contributors ✨

Thanks to these amazing contributors to the [Code Collabo blog](https://github.com/code-collabo/submit-a-blog-post) project. This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. See [emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key). Contributions of any kind welcome!

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/Ifycode"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/45185388?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Obiagba Mary Ifeoma</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#blog-Ifycode" title="Blogposts">📝</a> <a href="#content-Ifycode" title="Content">🖋</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://allcontributors.org"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/46410174?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>All Contributors</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#infra-all-contributors" title="Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)">🚇</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->
